# Meeting Minutes

## Meeting Title: PLEBNET.DEV Monthly Meetup

### Date: August 26th, 2023 @11pm EST

### Attendees:

- Bitkarrot
- BitcoinDad
- Randy
- Fenix
- SurferSol
- Tony
- XenonFun
- Smash

### Agenda

#### 1. **PlebNet Wiki Repo and Hosting Updates:**

- Inquiry about Orb handling the PlebNet Wiki repo.
- Proposal for others to become maintainers of the repo.
- Discussion on potential transfer of domain hosting on Namecheap.
- Discussion about the Signet faucet and the landing page for plebnet.fun.
- [GitHub playground-faucet link](https://github.com/PLEBNET-PLAYGROUND/playground-faucet/blob/main/app.py)

#### 2. **NostrMail Extension:**

- Proposal for "nostrmail", an extension similar to getalby but with encryption features for Gmail messages.
- Discussion on the potential of this tool to protect sensitive information from interference, even by Gmail.

#### 3. **Participation in NextGen Village at TabConf:**

- Discussion on volunteering at the NextGen village during TabConf and potential speaking opportunities.
- Shared links to draft and final submission for TabConf2023 on GitHub:
  - [Draft Submission to TabConf2023](https://github.com/plebnet-dev/meeting-notes/pull/2)
  - [Final Submission](https://github.com/TABConf/2023.tabconf.com/issues/182)

#### 4. **Signet Faucet Code & LN Testing:**

- Shared the source code for the Signet Faucet.
- Discussions around making the whole LN unit tests open source.
- Possibilities for integration with various platforms including core lighting and eclair.
- Mention of a controller for automated behavior in a specific playground.

#### 5. **Funding and Collaborations:**

- There's no need for grant money; potential collaboration with certain vendors discussed.
- A particular vendor has a substantial giveaway in the pipeline.

#### 6. **Wallet Technologies & Signets:**

- Discussion about a specific wallet technology and its capabilities.
- Potential vulnerabilities related to signet faucets and DDoS attacks.
- Possibility of one platform providing coins for regular signet.
- Another platform is utilizing the discussed wallet. A certain Bitcoin Wallet supports multiple types of signets.
- The idea of custom signets to counteract DDoS threats was discussed.
- Topics on making testnets useful for diverse traffic and specific applications.

#### 7. **Community & Collaborative Initiatives:**

- Revival of a particular node and its relevance.
- Plans for workshops on hosting specific platforms.
- Emphasis on unit testing at the application layer, especially related to performance issues.
- Introduction of a scaling initiative, its comparison with another tech, and requests for collaboration.
- Discussion about internal developments of certain platforms and the broader topic of node management software.

#### 8. **Encrypted Email Solutions:**

- Introduction to a new tool meant for email encryption. It works with various mail servers and employs public key encryption for recipients.
- Discussions around integrating specific functionalities. No finalized designs yet.
- Mention of the use of certain tech stacks for potential developments and the idea of moving towards a native application.

#### 9. **Additional Topics & Technological Interests:**

- Side interest in specific language training was discussed.
- Deliberations on the use of Rust for node implementations.
- Updates on platforms being entirely developed in Rust.

### Membership Updates:

- Discussion regarding the growth of the community, current and potential collaborations, and forthcoming community initiatives.

### Action Items:

1. Confirm additional maintainers for the PlebNet Wiki repo.
2. Further develop the nostrmail extension idea.
3. Prepare for the presentation at the NextGen village during TabConf.
4. Coordinate with TabConf organizers and volunteers for smooth participation.
5. Follow up on the provided GitHub links and ensure smooth communication.
6. the directory for Member profiles
7. the nostr-telegram project
8. the signet faucet rewrite with members only access controls
9. the automated astro to nostr cross posting for blogs
10. the nostr chat -> discord bridge

---

# Next Meeting: September 23rd, 2023

[Link to the Next Meeting](https://discord.com/events/1097749919445569606/1145859310564425828)
s
