# Meeting Minutes

## Meeting Title: PlebNet.Dev Monthly Meetup

## Date: July 29th, 2023 @11pm EST

## Attendees: Bitkarrot, BitcoinDad, ErikNewland, SurferSol, Tony

### Agenda

#### 1. NOSTR / PYTHON Projects Update

- Progress on nostrkit template outline.
- Development of NOSTR accounts initial boilerplate.
- NIP-05 issues: Python attempt to vanity npub (Rana).
- Public folder with .wellknown for NOSTR lighting addresses.
- Development of one-click clone template for NOSTR domains.
- Create a getalby.com account with lnurl.
- Plans for Erik to spin up the DEV server.
- Front-end application development allowing creation of entries.
- Bitcoindad finishing up LPTHW Ex. 50 Build your website. Will provide Coingecko/Kraken API programs for integration into website.
- Meetup with new plebnet devs like surfersol help establish coding enviroment troubleshooting any setup issues.

#### 2. NOSTR Project Ideas

- NOSTR Telegram Bridge for public messaging and encouraging NOSTR adoption.
- NOSTR Discord Bridge to maintain a public presence and active channel.
- Integration of ASTRO template for automatic NOSTR posting when a .md blog post is created. open for anyone interested in working on something independently

#### 3. Plebnet.dev Updates - Bitkarrot

- Establishing testnet core lighting node and lnbits instance.
- Plans for scalable growth including bootstrapping.
- Post-September membership fees and sponsorship, merchandise store for funding.
- Open source ecommerce store development for plebnet.dev.
- Plebnet.dev's business model discussion: unlimited access or minor fee.
- Testnet is public. Faucets, further discussion needed
- Merchant store link addition.Bitcoindad good task to add https://plebnet-dev.printify.me/ link to the website for merch.

![](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1135058912954023936/1135060423398395934/Flat_designs.png)

#### 4. Learning and Development

- Bitkarrot advises team to "just make it better" even if it's been made before in regards to apps, webpages, etc.
- Ruby on Rails, Object Oriented Programming, and C language learning experience.
- Decentralization issues and NOSTR's place in the future.
- Importance of understanding the fundamentals of how checkout works with payment systems.
- Integrated lightning test net for Zebedee initiative.
- "Good First Issues" meeting with other Senior Devs proposed.

#### 5. Other Discussion Points

- Printify e-commerce and automated bot trading.
- Reconciliation issues for producers accepting bitcoin lightning sales.
- Randy's decentralized GPG key project for signing commits.
- The pylnbits sdk release will be in august. If anyone is interested in writing docs or helping with unit testing, this is a also a good first project to work on.

## Action Items:

1. Continue working on NOSTR Projects (nostrkit, NOSTR accounts, NIP-05, and front-end application). (ErikNewland)
2. NOSTR Telegram Bridge (bloggingbitcoin)
3. Develop Plebnet.dev testnet core lighting node and lnbits instance. (Bitkarrot)
4. Explore open source ecommerce store for plebnet.dev. (OPEN)
5. Plan for "Good First Issues" meeting with other Senior Devs (i.e. Randy's git project, Asher Hourly project, and/or Richard Zebedee project). (BitcoinDad)
6. Prepare for TabConf meetup to promote PlebNet Dev merch and share our vision.
7. Contact Richard Integrated lightning test net for Zebedee initiative.(Bitcoindad)
8. Integration of ASTRO template for automatic NOSTR posting. (Bitcoindad)

## Next Meeting: (August 26th, 2023)

[Discord Meetup Link](https://discord.com/events/1097749919445569606/1135356842697039982)
